hello to all of you so it's
capital to magna for a little video of
pvp
we meet today against 1,367
that I addressed so cracked we can
see with mini biot
we can see his headdress so and a
headdress actually leases me job at
the appearance of a more beautiful headdress
so I do not know the name of this
teacher
it might be better than me here
so it's a crater like I say
that's why I put the shield
sadida I put a carrot dofus for the
dodge and e 2nd even for really
maximized my esteem
forgot to put the sweetness of wisdom
that I could have but for really
maximized in summer
but with the techniques that I'm going
use my team not go too much
serve are worth so promises a tarna
bombs did magnetization on blow
of forgiveness and I only have to
put behind the wall and make a
rogue between the two is suddenly
the cra is totally blocked and its only
option drinking it's dispersion it does not
can not ignite because of powder he
can not back away because of powder to
because of them the bomb behind him
can not bump my bomb because there is
remission of the blow only chance to leave
it's a dispersion dispersion
who's going really funny I saw that
now that he no longer has it for three
tours I think I have only their
blocked so using kaboom to do
not advocate damage but good a bomb in
face of me and an abbott ruble for
attract him just puts them where he was at
start of his turn so here we go
put the bomb and I just at the
ratify
he will start taking damage
quite drinkable
for now I type that 200 g removes
a pm each time pretty much but
it's always good so that for a
second round he already has already taken
practically 500 damage
so there he will pass he'll go so
usually that's the people he's trying
to kill the bomb that's best
do except save him to dpa
he's going he 'll try to use it the
fewer possible losses actually for
goal and brown except that in the end force
to want to save dpa he has to do
spells that did not really help you
we could see a fire we could see
arrows said word so that at
final it appears if she killed here it
is he left with 52 beds then me
I just have to hand over
a bomb in front for quotation marks
protect her a good one he can always
to make an inflamed a little spanish
and I just have to get back in
good walls forever the look and
here it was consumed on if I have the
peace to the magic olympio to do and this
that they pass and he begins to take
greenhouses damage can be seen from 3 141
swimmer of art so he has he recovered his
dispute will be able to put me punitive
here are refugees nitive who does not
a lot of pain because I still
50% clay titraille tokyo the
bomb had been plucked remained five years of
life and the good time for me disney
in the line of my second bomb
I just have to put the world back
and he will take back the damage that's 500
the guys I hesitate fact I
said I was born this point that
when I leave it in the bombs
all that I preferred so because
I like explosions and
ruggers I preferred to make everything fart
that's why we're going to magnetize sure
a last breath and a little
detonator here I'm not going to finish it
it puts me at 379 pv so that with
two of albon brand or once in the
wall it's finished so concretely the
fight there it is won for me even if
mes to 0 pm
can always find something
in addition to that I'm yeah I'm
still under the sun of top so I
theo too but I have a dress
boot of available I roguery of
available and he does not have a regina
possible with his loquacious character
moment there is totally finished here
so I ask an abbott ruble and I put
a bomb behind him so here are the
tram fields count to see if that's
ok to ensure the shot I even do
feeding on him for
recognize the bamba its case that one
never know but hey it's cells
the account was good there was well located
between the two bands so it was ok
so that was captain amakna for
a little fight pvp contract fat level
167 we meet for other videos
has more